docs: add additionalProperties to input schema specification (#1630)
apify/apify-docs: sources/platform/actors/development/actor_definition/input_schema/specification.md

| `schemaVersion` | Integer | Yes | The version of the input schema <br/>specification against which <br/>your schema is written. <br/>Currently, only version `1` is out. |
| `properties` | Object | Yes | This is an object mapping each field key <br/>to its specification. |
| `required` | String | No | An array of field keys that are required. |

> | `additionalProperties` | Boolean | No | Controls handling of extra properties whose names are not listed in the `properties` field. By default any additional properties are allowed. Setting this to `false` means no additional properties will be allowed |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `additionalProperties` | Boolean | No | Controls if properties not listed in `properties` are allowed. Defaults to `true`. <br/>Set to `false` to make requests with extra properties fail. |
```
